Terminal multiplexer
	Allows several console apps to run under a single terminal, or SSH session,
	and closing one doesn't affect the other.
	What does that mean? It means you can close your terminal (do it), close
	your laptop
	come back later,
	open terminal (do it)
	and reattach (run tmux attach)
	This is a primary use case for tmux
Terminal window manager
	differs from screen here, and I think less confusing.
	every process runs inside a pane inside a window
	select panes and move/resize them
	pane layouts
	multiple clients can connect over the network
	useful for running tests alongside your editor, or looking at several servers
	Scripts can provide the content of status bar, and you can hook bells in to
	provide notifications.
	useful for timed events and things that use the terminal bell
	So how do you do any of this?
Commands I
	every interaction with tmux is done through commands
	> C-a q
	So I can kill these panes in various ways
	through tmux's command interface
	> C-a :kill-pane -t 2
	through a key bound to that command
	> C-a x
	or through the tmux command
	> tmux kill-pane -t 4
	That means you can send a command to tmux from scripts or anything that can run shell commands
	insanely useful.
Commands II
	Since source-file is a command, you can bind keys to make sourcing files easier
	This presentation was sourced.
	Useful for setting up frequently used projects
Features
	synchronized panes
		(discuss) servers session
		(discuss) REPL/editor sync
		(discuss) host-agnostic Clipboard
			e.g. pasting public key in multiple servers
	Input helpers (pass input to any command)
		These can be used in bindings
		> C-a / git-log
Open or create pane for SBT project
	I frequently open an editor, with a build tool, in a project directory.
	I can script that, and keybind it. (show config)
	demonstrate
SSH and server groups
	I have files containing server names that I often want to SSH to all at
	once.
	Run with no args to see list.
	> C-a A sjc-infra
diff config files on different servers
	ssh into harv6 and harv7, less /etc/streaming/base/akka.conf
	explain how to manually diff
	explain how to do it by capturing the panes
	show config
	demo
More info
	These links provide more background information, further links, and all the
	configuration I've used.
	I'll email them to dev@
	But I don't want to do that manually
	> C-a m

# vi: set ft=vo
